Update faq.mdx (#1015)
graphprotocol/docs: website/src/pages/en/token-api/faq.mdx

title: Token API FAQ
---

> Get fast answers to easily integrate and scale with The Graph's high-performance Token API. View the [OpenAPI document](https://token-api.thegraph.com/openapi) for endpoint formats and details.

Reviewer: That seems like a strange place for this link. Maybe it could be in the answer to a question below, e.g. "do you follow the OpenAPI standard?"

Reviewer: Ah, I see that [it's already there](https://github.com/graphprotocol/docs/pull/1015/files#diff-1cec4dd9a7e98b416b0a0d47aa05dcd9afcac2101b4a80bc1c084983aec44e99R43). I would simply remove it from here:
```suggestion
Get fast answers to easily integrate and scale with The Graph's high-performance Token API.
```

### What do I do if I notice data inconsistencies in the data returned by the Token API?

If you notice data inconsistencies, please report the issue on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/graphprotocol). Identifying edge cases can help make sure all data is accurate and up-to-date.

### How do I specify a network?

You can query which networks are available with [this link](https://token-api.thegraph.com/networks). Take note that the network IDs differ between the Token API and Subgraphs. For EVM networks, use EVM endpoints with the optional `network_id` parameter (e.g., `mainnet`, `bsc`, `base`, `arbitrum-one`, `optimism`, `polygon`, `unichain`) to target a specific chain. Without this parameter, the API defaults to Ethereum mainnet.

To query Solana, use the SVM endpoints.

### Why do I only see 10 results? How can I get more data?

Endpoints cap output at 10 items by default. Use pagination parameters: `limit` and `page` (1-indexed) to return more results. For example, set `limit=50` to get 50 results, and increment `page` for subsequent batches (e.g., `page=2` for items 51-100).

> It is currently possible for the total number of pages to be inexact. This is because the ClickHouse backend doesn't read the whole table, and instead provides an approximation of the number of records, in order to make queries respond faster. To avoid getting confused by this approximation, make sure to continue fetching next pages until there is no more data, or the endpoint returns an error.

Reviewer: Is "the ClickHouse backend" really relevant to consumers?

Reviewer: I think that would be better!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is currently possible for the total number of pages to be inexact. This is because the backend provides only an approximation of the number of records in order to improve response time. To avoid getting confused by this approximation, make sure to continue fetching next pages until there is no more data, or the endpoint returns an error.
```

### Why are token amounts returned as strings?

Large numeric values (like token amounts or supply) are returned as strings to avoid precision loss, as they often exceed JavaScript's safe integer range. Convert these to big number types for arithmetic operations. Fields like `decimals` are provided as normal numbers to help derive human-readable values.

### What format should addresses be in?

> For EVM addresses, the API accepts hex addresses with either 42 or 40 characters, with or without the `0x` prefix. The endpoint is case-insensitive, so both lower and uppercase hex characters work. Ensure EVM addresses are exactly 42 hex digits, or 40 if you remove the prefix. For contract queries, use the token's contract address. For balance/transfer queries, use the wallet address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For EVM addresses, the API accepts hex addresses with either 42 or 40 characters, with or without the `0x` prefix. The endpoint is case-insensitive, so both lower and uppercase hex characters work. Ensure EVM addresses are exactly 42 characters, or 40 if you remove the prefix. For contract queries, use the token's contract address. For balance/transfer queries, use the wallet address.
```

Author: Good catch Solana doesn't use hex
